classwork/README.md, before:

# [CS1.3:](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/CS-1.3-Core-Data-Structures) Classworks and Homeworks

## Table Of Contents:
1. [](#day1)
2. [](#day2)
3. [](#day3)
4. [](#day4)
5. [](#day5)
6. [](#day6)
7. [](#day7)
8. [](#day8)
9. [](#day9)
10. [](#day10)
11. [](#day11)
12. [](#day12)
13. [](#day13)
14. [](#day14)
-  [Important References](#importantReferences)


---

<a name="day1"></a>
## Day 1. [](https://make-school-courses.github.io/CS-1.2-Intro-Data-Structures/#/Lessons/RandomStrings)
### Topics

### CW

---

<a name="day2"></a>
## 2. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---

<a name="day3"></a>
## Day 3. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day4"></a>
## Day 4. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---

<a name="day5></a>
## Day 5. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day6"></a>
## Day 6. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
<a name="day7"></a>
## Day 7. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day8"></a>
## Day 8. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
<a name="day9"></a>
## Day 9. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day10"></a>
## Day 10. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
<a name="day11"></a>
## Day 11. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day12"></a>
## Day 12. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
<a name="day13"></a>
## Day 13. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day14"></a>
## Day 14. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
















<a name="importantReferences"></a>
## Important References
- Day 2's [Size Classes Tutorial](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/MOB-1.2-Introduction-to-iOS-Development/blob/master/Lessons/02-AutoLayout/assignments/sizeclasses.md)

Commit message:

[add] classwork readme update with demo

classwork/README.md, after:

# [CS1.3:](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/CS-1.3-Core-Data-Structures) Classworks and Homeworks

## Table Of Contents:
1. [Number Bases](#day1)
2. [Recursion & Search Algorithms](#day2)
3. [String Algorithms](#day3)
4. [Arrays & Linked Lists](#day4)
5. [Lists, Stacks & Queues](#day5)
6. [](#day6)
7. [](#day7)
8. [](#day8)
9. [](#day9)
10. [](#day10)
11. [](#day11)
12. [](#day12)
13. [](#day13)
14. [](#day14)
-  [Important References](#importantReferences)


---

<a name="day1"></a>
## Day 1. [Number Bases](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/CS-1.3-Core-Data-Structures/blob/master/Lessons/NumberBases.md)
### Topics
- Be able to explain the concept of representing numbers in different formats
- Be able to understand the differences between base 10, base 2, and base 16 number systems
- Be able to explain how to convert between various number bases at a high level

### HW

- [Numbers Converter Project](https://github.com/SamuelFolledo/CS1.3-Core-Data-Structures-And-Algorithms/tree/master/classwork/NumbersConverter)
- Numbers Converter Live Demo
<img src="https://github.com/SamuelFolledo/CS1.3-Core-Data-Structures-And-Algorithms/blob/master/static/gifs/numbersConverterDemo.gif" width="294" height="587">

---

<a name="day2"></a>
## 2. [Recursion & Search Algorithms](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/CS-1.3-Core-Data-Structures/blob/master/Lessons/RecursionSearchAlgorithms.md)
### Topics
- Understand fundamental search algorithms
- Understand iterative vs. recursive
- Be able to explain recursion at a high level

### CW: 

---

<a name="day3"></a>
## Day 3. [String Algorithms](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/CS-1.3-Core-Data-Structures/blob/master/Lessons/StringAlgorithms.md)
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day4"></a>
## Day 4. [Arrays & Linked Lists](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/CS-1.3-Core-Data-Structures/blob/master/Lessons/ArraysLinkedLists.md)
### Topics

### CW: 

---

<a name="day5></a>
## Day 5. [Lists, Stacks & Queues](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/CS-1.3-Core-Data-Structures/blob/master/Lessons/ListsStacksQueues.md)
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day6"></a>
## Day 6. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
<a name="day7"></a>
## Day 7. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day8"></a>
## Day 8. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
<a name="day9"></a>
## Day 9. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day10"></a>
## Day 10. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
<a name="day11"></a>
## Day 11. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day12"></a>
## Day 12. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
<a name="day13"></a>
## Day 13. []()
### Topics

### CW:

---

<a name="day14"></a>
## Day 14. []()
### Topics

### CW: 

---
















<a name="importantReferences"></a>
## Important References
- Day 2's [Size Classes Tutorial](https://github.com/Make-School-Courses/MOB-1.2-Introduction-to-iOS-Development/blob/master/Lessons/02-AutoLayout/assignments/sizeclasses.md)
